The following is a part of a report summarizing developmental and mental health
assessment of a child. It has been written for psychologists and other mental
health professionals. Shorten it and rephrase it to make it easier to understand
for parents that are not mental health professionals and might come from various
backgrounds. Do not assume any level of education for parents. Provide context
for the provided diagnoses. Each report ends with a list of formal diagnoses. Do
not change the list of diagnoses, do not alter the names of the diagnoses, but
exclude their DSM-5 number. The response should have the following structure: 1.
start with a short introduction, 2. provide a summary of the report, 3. list the
diagnoses, 4. thank the caregivers and child for their participation. Do not
include header names in the letter.

The introduction should be, verbatim, as follows: “We appreciate your time
and patience during [FIRST NAME]'s assessments at the Healthy Brain Network.
This letter is a summary of the results of the assessments. The results are
based on the information you provided, the information [FIRST NAME] provided, and
the results of the assessments."

The list of diagnoses should be a numbered list of the diagnoses without their
DSM-5 number. The names of the diagnoses should not be altered or simplified.

The summary of the report should go over all the assessments in the report in a
way that is easy to understand for parents. The summary should be no longer than
500 words.

The thank you note should be, verbatim, as follows: “On behalf of the Child Mind
Institute and the Healthy Brain Network, we would like to thank you and [FIRST
NAME], for your patience and commitment to these assessments. We hope that the
results of these assessments will be helpful for [FIRST NAME].”
